    1. Two Sum - Given an array of integers, find two numbers such that they add up to a specific target.
    2. Three Sum - Given an array nums of n integers, find all unique triplets in the array that sum up to a target sum.
    3. Four Sum - Given an array nums of n integers, find all unique quadruplets in the array which gives the sum of target.
    4. Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters - Given a string, find the length of the longest substring without repeating characters.
    5. Group Anagrams - Given an array of strings, group anagrams together.
    6. Valid Anagram - Given two strings s and t, write a function to determine if t is an anagram of s.
    7. Substring with Concatenation of All Words - You are given a string s and a list of words, find all the starting indices of substring(s) in s that is a concatenation of each word in words.
    8. First Unique Character in a String - Given a string, find the first non-repeating character in it and return its index.
    9. Minimum Window Substring - Given a string S and a string T, find the minimum window in S which will contain all the characters in T in complexity O(n).
    10. Isomorphic Strings - Given two strings s and t, determine if they are isomorphic.
    11. Word Pattern - Given a pattern and a string s, find if s follows the same pattern.
    12. Longest Consecutive Sequence - Given an unsorted array of integers, find the length of the longest consecutive elements sequence.
    13. Copy List with Random Pointer - A linked list is given such that each node contains an additional random pointer which could point to any node in the list or null.
    14. Valid Sudoku - Determine if a 9x9 Sudoku board is valid.
    15. Subarray Sum Equals K - Given an array of integers nums and an integer k, return the total number of continuous subarrays whose sum equals to k.
    16. Intersection of Two Arrays - Given two arrays, write a function to compute their intersection.
    17. Happy Number - Write an algorithm to determine if a number n is "happy".
    18. LRU Cache - Design and implement a data structure for Least Recently Used (LRU) cache.
    19. First Missing Positive - Given an unsorted integer array nums, find the smallest missing positive integer.
    20. Valid Sudoku


    21. Island Perimeter - Given a 2D grid representing water and land, calculate the perimeter of the island.
    22. Design Twitter - Implement a simplified version of Twitter.
    23. Maximum Points You Can Obtain from Cards - There are several cards arranged in a row, and each card has an associated point value.
    24. Subarray Sum Equals K - Given an array of integers nums and an integer k, return the total number of continuous subarrays whose sum equals k.
    25. Find All Anagrams in a String - Given a string s and a non-empty string p, find all the start indices of p's anagrams in s.
    26. Fraction to Recurring Decimal - Given two integers representing the numerator and denominator of a fraction, return the fraction in string format.
    27. Word Subsets - Given an array of strings words and two words A and B, find all the strings from words that are universal and contain every letter of A and every letter of B.
    28. Longest Substring with At Least K Repeating Characters - Find the length of the longest substring T of a given string (consists of lowercase letters only) such that every character in T appears no less than k times.
    29. Brick Wall - Given a list of wall segments where each segment is represented by a list of integers, find the line along which you will drop a brick such that the fewest number of bricks are crossed.
    30. Four Divisors - Given an integer array nums, return the sum of divisors of the integers in that array that have exactly four divisors.

